You're in... Lyell I'll do my in you... Lyell i'll do my come to love... .. Saleh We have seen again the form that rules our day, and we shall say, The whole life is yours. Through the vessels, after thee a great flood, thou arisest again. Thou art our soul, thou art our thoughts, we have forgotten the truth, thou art full, thou art full of the mind, we have expanded the mind, the desire is Jesus. We have seen you again, we have touched your feet, we have dissolved ourselves in you. O sky, earth, water, fire, thou art the wind that ragethat thou art. Thou art our soul, thou art our thoughts, we have forgotten the truth, thou art full, thou art full of the mind, we have expanded the mind, the desire is Jesus. We have seen you again, we have touched your feet, we have dissolved ourselves in you. If I tell you your name in my heart that tears, the flower will not bloom. We have seen again the form that rules our day, and we shall say, The whole life is yours. Through the vessels, after thee a great flood, thou arisest again. Color on top of the flower Thou art the life beneath the root. Thou art our soul, thou art our thoughts, we have forgotten the truth, thou art full, thou art full of the mind, we have expanded the mind, the desire is Jesus. We have seen you again, we have touched your feet, we have dissolved ourselves in you. The door of love is the door of love, the door of love is the door of love. We have seen again the form that rules our day, and we shall say, The whole life is yours. Through the vessels, after thee a great flood, thou arisest again. Thou art our soul, thou art our thoughts, we have forgotten the truth, thou art full, thou art full of the mind, we have expanded the mind, the desire is Jesus. We have seen you again, we have touched your feet, we have dissolved ourselves in you. We have seen again the form that rules our day, and we shall say, The whole life is yours. Through the vessels, after thee a great flood, thou arisest again. Thou art our soul, thou art our thoughts, we have forgotten the truth, thou art full, thou art full of the mind, we have expanded the mind, the desire is Jesus. We have seen you again, we have touched your feet, we have dissolved us in you, we dissolve us in you, we dissolve us in you, we dissolve us in you.