Vidyasagar hoi appudi podu podu podu puthu asathi podu asathi podu kannale ippudi podu putu put on put on the hand I'm going to climb up to get a clean salt in one's town, i'll come to dance with one's eyes Is this walk enough or do you want a little more? Is this walk enough or do you want a little more? Is this walk enough or do you want a little more? Put it on the hand, put it on the eye, put it on the eye, put it on the eye, put it on the hand, put it on the hand, put it on the hand. Oh ho oooo in my mind you think hey cute in my dream, you're drowning in my dream, hey, you're sweet on my lips. Is this real? You're throbbing in my womb, you're a beauty, you're sleeping at my age, you're slow, that's what you're marrying on my neck. I was two times overjoyed in the joy of seeing you, and i was only three feet deep in the fear of touching you. Kaka bite your cheeks I bite you bite me go to my ear bite you bite Is this age enough, do you want a little more, this age is enough, you need a little more, this age is enough or you need a little more? Hey appudi podu putu put on, put on the hand, put the eye, put it, put it, pull it, put it on the hand ....................... You're making me stammer, you're sweating slowly, you're sweating, what's the matter with you? Is this right? This is the way you put it in the trap, you're the one who's trapped, you're going to put it in a way that's going to make you cry, you're the one who's going to make you look beautiful, you're going to make you tremble. Similar vision The needle thread in the chest and the gorkudadi thethu pallu in laughter everything is ten moons I will come with you with tai thainnu aadikittu, i will come with you talking nai nai nainu and i will come with you. Is this game enough or a little more is needed, is this game enough or a little more is needed, is this game enough or a little more is needed? hoi appudi podu podu podu puthu asathi podu asathi podu kannale ippudi podu putu put on put on the hand I'm going to climb up to get a clean salt in one's town, i'll come to dance with one's eyes Is this walk enough or do you want a little more? Is this walk enough or do you want a little more? Is this walk enough or do you want a little more?