Harris Jayaraj Somehow I have found meaning in my life because of you because of my love for you. Asku Asku Asku Laska Asku Ascu Ascu Ascu Ascu Ascu Ascu Asku Laska Emo Emo I Asth Asth Liepe Ahaava Polinko Chinta Ishq Ishq Mile Love Ishtam Premam Pyaro Pyaro A Romantic Undan Asku Ascu Asku Laska Asku Asku Asku Asku In all languages, i put together a word and a whole thing, i made a love sensation, i stretched it out to you, i showed you love. Somehow I have found meaning in my life because of you because of my love for you. Asku Laska Emo Emo I Asth Asth Liepe Ahaava Polinko Chinta Ishq Ishq Mile Love Ishtam Premam Pyaro Pyaro A Romantic Undan ....................... ....................... I'll nest you in Pluto, pick up the stars and heat you up I'll read the triangles, I'll read the diameter level above your nose, I'll be the curve with a softer curve over your chest. Hmm, can I do research in your role as Plato's son? I saw in your eyes that you fell into a ruined disease, i gave you my kiss as a medicine i eat every day, i put the nadi bell in your chest and ask for love love. Asku Laska Emo Emo I Asth Asth Liepe Ahaava Polinko Chinta Ishq Ishq Mile Love Ishtam Premam Pyaro Pyaro A Romantic Undan Asku Asku Asku Laska Asku Ascu Ascu Ascu Ascu Ascu Ascu ......................... Why did you light a fire in tejavu's dream, raja, why did you disturb my mind? Threatened by the tribute, you warmed up, the blood came to my side to boil all the blood, wen moon cooled gently The glass, the moon, the eye, the white shadow, the earth, the earth. Snow blooming in the grass You are not a fake, you are not a virus-free computer, your heart is white you're a black, you're a coward, jasmine, mullai bhole pillai chews like a chewing word. Asku Laska Emo Emo Asku Laska Emo Emo I Asth Asth Liebe Ahaav Polingo Chinta Chinta Ishq Ishq Mile Love Ishtam Premam Pyaro Pyaro On Top Of A Romantic Undress Oh, in all the languages, i put together a word and a whole thing, i made a love sensation, man & i stretched it out to you and showed love to you. Somehow I have found meaning in my life because of you because of my love for you. ......................