Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Devuda Devuda Ezhumalai Devuda Soodooda Soodooda Soodooda Our Side Soodooda Ae Devuda Devuda Ezhumalai Devuda Soodooda Soodooda Soodooda Our Side Soodooda Our hearts are all diamonds, you don't have to put on a little bark. Ripittu Our hearts are all diamonds, you don't have to put on a little bark. If all the energy comes together.... Heaven comes up on top of this soil ooo....... Devuda Devuda Ezhumalai Devuda Soodooda Soodooda Soodooda Our Side Soodooda Ae Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Count a little bit of air-catching people will put our hands on the soth and put our hands in the seth. Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey If you go into the sewer and clean it up, you take four days' leave. If we don't have a friend who does the job of cutting our hair, then what is the beauty of all of us is the one who stands in the river water and washes clothes. Pattukkottai Patil said that what if he did any profession, what would be done by the deity of the profession? Ripittu If all the energy comes together.... Heaven comes up on top of this soil ooo....... Aa Devuda Devuda Ezhumalai Devuda Soodooda Soodooda Soodooda Our Side Soodooda ........................... What if someone says anything about you, buy it in this ear and put it in that ear. Tell me that even if the cloud floats and the crow flies, it is the sky that is not dirty. Even if someone puts the flower ball in the water, the ball is on the water that comes and no one puts you on the sidelines, your brother is like a vada ball. Will the fireflies prevent the moon from slowly shining white? Ripittu If all the energy comes together.... Heaven comes up on top of this soil ooo....... Devuda Devuda Ezhumalai Devuda Group : Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Male Male : Swami Choooda Soodooda Enga Pakka Chhootuda Group : Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Our hearts are all diamonds, you don't have to put on a little bark. Ripittu Our hearts are all diamonds, you don't have to put on a little bark. Sabashsu If all the energy comes together.... Heaven comes up on top of this soil ooo.......