A. R. Rahman For me, for me? For me, for me? Are you for me and me? ............................. Madhumitha Madhumitha Madhumitha { hir hair hairappa hair hair hair hairappa } (2) Bifti KG Taj Mahal is for me the garden that came on the flight is for me. hair hair hairappa hair hair hair hairappa Vennilavu in bucket size is for me, the girl's poem in the pack is mine for me Can I take you and dress you up or lie down on your lips? Silk flower kutty theeave finger idaithoda varam kodamma hair hair hairappa hair hair hair hairappa Bifti KG Taj Mahal is for me the garden that came on the flight is for me. Dear, let's walk around America, spread the red carpet over the sea, and settle in Europe. Let's break shelley's diamond's grave sleep just to sing our love You jump out of the sky, you are what I am with you, you spend the air in a frenzy of love, you are in a frenzy of love, or whatever it is, the child's mind is crazy or what will happen. The earth that lives is old enough to smell the wind, the age of the living earth, the millions of ages, the love will never grow old. Hair Hair Hairappa Hair Hair Hairappa .................................. The wind stealing the cherry blossoms said love I love you the bird jumping on the cypress trees told me I love you When you told me your love, the breeze and the bird were disturbed by the failure of love. The flowers standing on one leg are standing in your hair. The drop of rain falling on the ground is a kiss on your cheek. Will I kiss you too? Even if the heart stops beating, both of them will live for a minute, dear, if you leave me, a weight will not bear my life. hair hair hairappa hair hair hair hairappa Bifti KG Taj Mahal is for me the garden that came on the flight is for me. hair hair hairappa hair hair hair hairappa You have a girl's poem in packet size for you. Can I take you and dress you up aaaaaa Can you get drenched in the shower or wash your hair with your hair? Silk flower kutty theeave finger idaithoda varam kodamma hair hair hairappa hair hair hair hairappa ..................................