A. R. Rahman Hey hey hey hey hey ye ye hey yeh .......................... You Want to Seal My Kiss Boy You Can't Touch This EveryWhere Hypnotic Hypnotic Super Sonic Superstar Can't Cant Can't Get This Superstar Can't Can't Get This Superstar Can't Can't Get This { A heart sprouts in iron or calls love for the first time } (2) Zero one with the earth today the stars in the sky, the lightnings with the eye Googles Unseen Searches With Me Time Unseen Love Girl Poove With You Ha ha ha ha ha robot i robot i say i love you in your ear i robot i love you in your ear robot i love you in your ear IMA Super Girl Your Love Rubber Girl IMA Super Girl Your Love Rubber Girl You're the only one who thinks within me hey hey hey hey hey hey hey, i'll cut electricity from your blue eyes. I will laugh with you with my blue tooth, I will hug your heart with my engine chest, I will hug you while you sleep I will hug you and i will always be a toy in your hand. Watch Me Robot Shake It I Know You Want to Break It Touching and talking can be shocked, the time of making love increases the motor speeds up, the battery will be exhausted in the middle of the night. I held Kumari in a separate captivity in memory, i didn't shut down and i was throbbing in the night Ha ha ha ha ha robot sensor everything dey dey day i read you for the day i forgot my rules because of you. Will you tell me to postpone any kiss without saliva without controversy or love without blood? Enthiran Thanadi in biological languages Indran Nanadi in psychological languages I bought a curse without death and came to the top of the soil, i brought love without wear and tear. Hey robot don't be seduced ......................... ......................... We Too Much That Bar Ages Sins In Time of Sazes Muttathe Oram Po You're the robot that makes love with the snake that cleans my leg you don't need bo bo { A heart sprouts in iron or calls love for the first time } (2) Ha ha ha ha ha ha robot with zero one today stars in the sky, lightnings with the eye Googles Unseen Searches With Me Time Unseen Love Girl Poove With You I robot in your ear i love you tell me i m a super girl your love rubber girl I robot in your ear i love you tell me i m a super girl your love rubber girl I robot in your ear i love you tell me i m a super girl your love rubber girl IMA Super Girl Your Love Rubber Girl Everyibadi Hypnotic Hypnotic Super Sonic Superstar Cant Cant Cant Get This Superstar Can't Can't Get This Superstar Can't Can't Get This You Want to Seal My Kiss Boy You Can't Touch This