The language of the wind is the language of the sound, the language of the flower, the language of the flower, the language of the flower, the language of the manama, the language of the sea, the language of the sea, the language of the sea, the language of love, the language of the love, the language of the vizhiya, the magazine. If you understand the languages of nature, you don't need the languages of man, if you understand the languages of the heart, then man doesn't need language at all. The language of the wind is the sound, the music, the language of the flower is the color or the smell. There are no directions when the wind blows, no languages when love speaks. Silence does not understand as much as the spoken word the eyes do not know the word spoken by God. It is not possible to make an image of the swirling wind, and all the language spoken by love cannot be contained in the soundtrack. If you understand the languages of nature, you don't need the languages of man, if you understand the languages of the heart, then man doesn't need language at all. Language of the wind The talk that speaks of the sky will come out as a drop, and the speech of the bow of the sky will be released as color. If truth is dumb, tears are the language, and if feminine is dumb, shame is language. The top fishes in the noisy jamat are the language, and the movement in the heart of the desire is also language. If you understand the languages of nature, you don't need the languages of man, if you understand the languages of the heart, then man doesn't need language at all. The language of the wind is the language of the sound, the language of the flower, the language of the flower, the language of the flower, the language of the manama, the language of the sea, the language of the sea, the language of the sea, the language of love, the language of the love, the language of the vizhiya, the magazine. If you understand the languages of nature, you don't need the languages of man, if you understand the languages of the heart, then man doesn't need language at all. Language of the wind