A. R. Rahman ......................... aaaaaaaaaaa ......................... Kilimanjaro Mountain Kanyanjar or Kannak Kuzhimanjar someone is someone aaaaaaa Mohenjodaro, someone in you, someone who has a hand or a hand aaaaaaa Kattuvasi Kattuvasi Raw Kadiya Muthale Boiled With A Lion's Tooth Uriya aaaaaaa Come like a python and tap the pepper of the deer pudiya sukku and what is the soup vachu gudiya aaaaaaa Eve has a golden girl with me, the olive fruit of the ruler is the same for me. Akkako adi kinnikozhi appappo what is the back, now the kiss is counted. aaaaaaa Kilimanjaro Mountain Kanyanjar or Kannak Kuzhimanjaro Someone Mohenjodaro, someone in you, someone who has a hand or a hand ............................. Flag pachaiye oho ho lemonye oho ho on you oho on you oho life lust Oh, in every one hundred million muscles, there is music inichakkeer oho ho adichakkare oho ho ho manasa renda oho ho madichukre The fruit that I've made me sown gently makes me cool down and bites Why did you put on a leaf screen even in the sun that enters the root Lock your lips and lips and complete an age and open it dearly Akkako adi kinnikozhi appappo what is the back, now the kiss is counted. Kilimanjaro Mountain Kanyanjar or Kannak Kuzhimanjar someone is someone aaaaaaaaaaaaa Mohenjodaro, someone in you, someone who has a hand or a hand ......................... sunaivaasiye oho ho sukhavaasiye oho ho dholkarvi oho ho enaivaasiye The moon tied to my shoulderless jackfruit and stepped on to my feet Woodwork I'm oho ho woodpecker you oho ho forestesam i'm oho ho it's living in it you Hey a hundred grams in between you who's who I'm dressed in now? A five-foot-grown goat plant grazes me total If you're green grass, what's the point of eating the tiger grass? Akkako i'm a guinea chicken then what's the back of it, what's the kiss now, think of it now. aaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaa Akkako adi kinnikozhi apppo, what is the back of the eye, now, the kiss is counted and the kiss is counted...................... Think about you now.