........................................ Ye laughing in the sea, the pearl is scattered ye ye ye In the web of spreading, all the mind expands ye ye There is no need for the poor who work for the sod, no trouble to sing for being sad, there is no trouble to pour out their hands and hammer them and hammer kummi aadi ye ye ye ye ye Let's teach the cuckoo to call the koo koo ada aama aa maalai taals for the peacock. The river used to walk and mingle with the sea, forgetting all that had passed by this time and playing in the music of the waves Even if the water is separated, it will not be rooted out, and the pleasure will never diminish again to cross the shore. Let's teach the cuckoo to call the koo koo ada aama aa maalai taals for the peacock. There is no limit to the love of the moon growing and blooming, kannamma. The flowers are in love with the bird jumping on the branch and the holiday is in the pleasure of the spoils kannamma The lightning of the cloud that has gathered in the sky will not tear the sky, no matter who comes between us, the heart will not be broken, the sorrow is gone. Let's teach the cuckoo to call the koo koo ada aama aa maalai taals for the peacock. Achuvellam Paccharisi Rice Achuvellam Pacharichi Rice Mixed With Karuppanjaru Honey Look At It With Karuppanjaru Honey Amman's chariot that comes to aadi is the one who goes to the temple for the prosperity of the town.............. In the field of the heart, the cool air blows sweetly sweetly to touch the sky. All night long the twinkling stars come to the side to talk about the stories of the smiles, touch me, touch me, even if it is a hundred births, we will be born together and when the sky falls on our head, we will forget the sorrow, we will forget the sorrow, we will celebrate the joy with yesterday and forever. Let's teach the cuckoo to call the koo koo ada aama aa maalai taals for the peacock. The river used to walk and mingle with the sea, forgetting all that had passed by this time and playing in the music of the waves Even if the water is separated, it will not be rooted out, and the pleasure will never diminish again to cross the shore. { Let's teach the cuckoo to call koo koo ada aama let's teach the peacock the thai thai taalas ada aamaa aaaaaaaaaaa} (2)