Harris Jayaraj Yeh Nani Koni Rani Undan Meni I also moikki yakova nani koni rani undan meni i also moik Henna-flowered Ghani I'll ask you if you stand at a distance, I'll bloom if you come to my side. I turned into a man, i looked for where I was, Jehovah. Thou art the water, thou shalt cross the cloud, thou shalt come, thou shalt come, thou shalt arouse my thirst. Paavai Paavai I became of you Will the eyes that bite the fire speak the truth? Ann Nani Koni Rani Enthan Meni Eno Moikkuyi Henna Flowered Gani Asks Me Tha Tha Tha Tha If you stand at a distance, I'll vote, if you come to my side, I'll bloom, I'll turn into a scoundrel, I'm looking for where I am. Thou art the water, thou shalt cross the cloud, thou shalt come, thou shalt come, thou shalt arouse my thirst. Barai Barai I became of you. Will the eyes that are plucking the roots really speak? If you come one morning, your body will warm up without succumbing to the snowy wind. The silence that the eye speaks is that the roads we go through together can't be stretched somewhere. Traveling like a leaf in a river is a sweet moment with the mind magical electricity I melted in front of you without getting wet, I froze without moving, I eat slowly, life, life, as it goes on. Nani Koni Rani Undan Meni I'm also moaning henna flowered gani i'm asking you tha tha tha If you stand at a distance, I'll vote, if you come to my side, I'll bloom, I'll turn into a scoundrel, I'm looking for where I am. ............................... ............................... Far away, my cloud is incomprehensible softness the needle descends on top of the cloud Ho brivale today I'm struggling with the tears of love in his eyes I have seen a living being touch in the image of me in the shadow of thy beauty. Even though there is a faint earthquake, there will be some joy in the eye, heart, heart, heart, heart, will be happy no more Nani Koni Rani Undan Meni I'm also moying henna flowered gani i'm asking you tha tha elaha If you stand at a distance, I'll vote, if you come to my side, I'll bloom, I'll turn into a spiring man, I'm looking for where I'm, Elahaha. Thou art thou Mmm, you're going to cross the cloud Tarai Tarai Stimulating my thirst Paavai Pavai I became of you. Do the tearing eyes really speak?