.................................. You're a shining day, you're a burning particle, you're a copy of the copy. Mugila who rains you are smothering, you are the horror you are smothering, you are the married akhila you are mulla malara. There is no speed in the blood if it is not hot there is no sweetness if there are no pranks There's no butterfly if you don't cross the nest, there's no sky if you don't cross the house. Rainbow Bole Youthful Day Noveltyada Enjoy It From time immemorial, you are very old, you have come forward. You're a shining day, you're a burning particle, you're a copy of the copy. Mugila who rains you are smothering, you are the horror you are smothering, you are the married akhila you are mulla malara. Age of reaching It's like a machete, and the miracle is that if you act on the dream of having a kur on either side of it, the plant will grow in that surian. If you control your senses, you will get new happiness every day. The nail that pierces the leg is your ladder and the kami is showered with so many pleasures. Glittering dayla you hahaha fluttering agalaa you hahaaanal hitting thugala you are a copy of the copy you hey Mukila who is raining you haha choking horror you hahaha marriage akila you are mulla malara you are .................................... .................................... Let us forget some of the sorrows in the heart so far, we will lose the clock pin and go up to the horizon. If the rain comes to the door, come without an umbrella in our hands, we will wet it, we will renounce the sign, we will go and live in all the lands. What did we bring with what we'd bring what we'd go with? Oh, this moment is enough, come on, what else do we want? You're a shining day, you're a burning particle, you're a copy of the copy. Mugila who rains you are smothering, you are the horror you are smothering, you are the married akhila you are mulla malara. There is no speed in the blood if it is not hot there is no sweetness if there are no pranks There's no butterfly if you don't cross the nest, there's no sky if you don't cross the house. Rainbow Bole Youthful Day Noveltyada Enjoy It