Illayaraja taam thak thimi thikki thikki thaaM thaaka thimi thikki thikki thaa thaaM thaaka thimi thikki thaam thaaka thimi thaa Who are the men competing with women here? Hey hey, doesn't win the moustache tied to the hair If you come with jasmine flowers, your mind will be able to shoot the silk in the ear of the eye, the way to the ambalai will go to the ambalai bhale bhale vaa paale vaa paarum come on Who are the women competing with men here? The hair that is muffled with the moustache does not win aaaaaa It's jasmine that's getting married you don't have a smell. All you've baked is papad, you know in the oven, you know, you know, you know. Who are the men competing with women here? Hair-tying mounding moustache won't win hey eppa eppa eppa bombalinga nee vettu dappa hai bhale bhale bhale he bhale hey bhale hai When are you trapped? Men should always keep it in their minds as if they were osti, and if there were no women, they would bang on the wall. Hey, is it not a rishi who lives without joining women, or a yogi, who gives birth to a woman. Bombala youth a few years ambalai it's many years are bale bhale bhale bhale bhale va paakum vaa vaa hey Who are the women competing with the men here aha aha aaa? The moustache tied to the hair does not win ahaha aaa hmm hmm hmm There's a girl who finishes as she thinks it's behind it, the door is a wing-clapping fly, and the little little chittu rope bundle is measured in the oven and bound. Ponnu laughs and cuts the waist and crochets the bud power of the satellite that hits the round, now the bundle will be shot and the pottu extinguished let's touch If the women get angry, will they cut off their tails. hey bhale bhale he bhale bhale he bhale bhale bhale bhale hai The woman's anger will kiss all the things and put on the ambala maati Pushing the bed will affect the chest. The breeze will test the bombalai that is pushed away from the bed Who loses to whom in the night's battles Who will say that if they fail in the middle, they are defeated? Shuddhuma Odancha Property Deed Bombalinga Swaying Mantra Are Bhale Bhale Bhale Bhale Vaa Paakalam Vaa Vaa Who are the men competing with women here? The hair that wrestles with the moustache will not win aa hahaha Hey hey hey hey, if you come to the jasmine flower, your mind will dance in the air hey hey, hey, all that is baked is papad, i know in the oven. are bhale bhale bhale bhale bhale vaa paakalam vaa Who are the women who are competing with the men here aha aha..... The moustache tied to the hair will not win ahaaa