In the middle of the road is an oasis this is whether she or the daughter of God will come in a car. Oh. . . . Ohoo.............. Rahatulla rahatulla enjoying valla asapura asapura asapura desire is a koothu that pulls the fragrances of two races nicely, it's going to shoot shrutiya aathu Masilla disguised as Masilla Brought with Masilla Masilla Vennila, did you see anything about this? : Change or change the blue sky or change long distances a hundred clouds this is the gamble of the age O rahatulla rahatulla enjoying valla asapura asapura asapura desire, it's a koothu that pulls the fragrances of two races, it's going to shoot shrutiya aathu ....................................... nana neynana hei nana neynana hei nana neina neina neina naina nana nainana hey nana nainana hey nana naina naana naana I try to write a poem in a dream, some old ones are gone, some old ones are coming and there are new ones coming up. The electricity runs in my hand and even if it's just a touch, no one comes close to me. O rahatulla rahatulla enjoying valla asapura asapura asapura desire, it's a koothu that pulls the fragrances of two races, it's going to shoot shrutiya aathu woh haa raha dulla haha hulla hulla hulla hahahaa hulla rahatullaha hey thulla rahatullah Halla Hoi Thulla Semavala Valla Valla Halla Hoi Thulla Semavalla Valla Valla Yo Muni Shani Halla Hoi Thulla Semavalla Valla Valla Yo Honey Mani Halla Hoi Thulla Semavalla Valla Valla Hoi Thulla Semavalla Valla Valla Valla Nachiyare This is the body in the sun in the sun it is the body it melts and melts in a rain, it is the mind in the rain, it is the mind. ................................... Every day at the hour of the hour my sky changes muni shani happiness honey honey angers adada adadaada o fluctuatada o fluctuating is a pleasure and a pleasure Ooooooo Aaaaaaa Oooooooh rahatulla rahatulla rahatulla enjoying valla asapura asapura asapura desire is a koothu that pulls the aromas of two races nicely, it's going to shoot, shrutiya aathu Masilla disguised as Masilla Brought with Masilla Masilla Vennila, did you see anything about this? Change or change the blue sky or change long distances a hundred clouds this is the gamble of the age