Harris Jayaraj Hey Rangola Therikanum Therikanum Tham Tham Hey Rangola Therikanum Therikanum Nam Tham Hey Raara Ra Penne Therikanum Therikanum Nam Dham Dham Rangola Hola Therikkanum Therikanum Nam Dham Tham Rangola Hola Therikanum Naam Dham O Rangola Hola Hola Girl, you are the one who kissed and clung to you. O rangola hola hola raasa you are the one who kissed and clung to you, i want to splash and splash our dham Komala Valli Valli kills with his eyes Villi Tham asked me to stand and tam tham vachu vidava malli kaathava raya raya tham tham mallipoo venaam poya tham tham tham malaiyaya tham you will not carry me on your shoulders Hoi Rangola Hola Hola Girl you are the one who kissed and stuck to you. O Rangola Hola Hola Rasa Nee Thano I am the one who kisses you and sticks to you ........................... O moon, moon, fly, forget the world, come close to beauty, come in waves Without touching, he pulls it as a hug, he chases without letting go. I'm a thala Ravana pulla to marry you, i'm going to break it, i'll jump like a sea of bows, let's take a bath. My hips are shaking and the key will touch the hands of the sinner who picks it up and shout at me. O Rangola Hola Hola Rasa Nee Thano I am the one who kisses you and sticks to you Ola Aa Rangola Ola Aa Rangola Rangola Ho Hola He who caresses the youth, steals the heart, he crushes the life, he is happy. Oh, she's like a shoot, she's laughing like a, she's beautiful. You're the one who pulled me up when I climbed onto your cart. You're the one who won the film to let go of the boundary line you touch when I'm dancing. Hoi Rangola Rangola Hola Hola Girl, you are the one who kissed and stuck to you. Mmm rangola hola hola raasa you have to splash you, you have to splash, i want to splash you as i kiss and stick to you. Komala Valli Valli kills with his eyes Villi Tham asked me to stand and tam tham vachu vidava malli kaathava raaya rayaa thaM tham mallipoo venaam poyaa taM taM tham malaiyaya thaM you have carried me on your shoulders.