Anirudh Ravichander Ae Peteru Tomari Kepmari Kaitha Kasumaalam ........................... Where is he, where is he, where is he? Hey Royapuram Peteru Rausu Ivan Mattaru Hey Sounda Ethupa Hey Vuthukkulla Vettuthan Ariyala Ketuthan Hey Kam An Hai Kam On Hey Kam On Come On An On Peter. . . . We say that we are not the pulla of our house, but the pulla of your house, i will tell you that all of us go to Chennai. Six times rice is eaten and all time the ambali singam that cleans the town is the gold of agmarku, which has removed many beakers for the friends, i am yes. Royapuram Royapuram I Am Royapuram I Am Royapuram I Am Royapuram Peteru Royapuram I Am Royapuram I Am Royapuram I Am Royapuram I Am Royapuram Peteru aa udhar udhar udhar udhar udhar utar utharan peteru aa dupaa dupaa dupa dupa tupaar dubakuru peteru aa udhar udhar udhar udhar udhar utar utharan peteru aa dupaa dupaa dupa dupa tupaar dubakuru peteru He's going to hit two mangoes at the same time, Peter is going to hit peter, he's going to hit peter, he's going to hit a little more build up, buy a bulb, buy a bulb, and listen to this. Hey school is not needed, college is not required, only life is enough to teach lessons, you don't need a job, you don't want money, you don't want money, you don't want a school, you don't need a college, you don't need a college, you don't need a lesson, you don't need a school, you don't need a college, you don't need a lesson, you don' There is no need for mappu, there is no need for clubs, there is no need for kuthum gana song, only rammu vename thammu vename one girl is enough to love. We say that we are not the pulla of our house, but the pulla of your house, i will tell you that all of us go to Chennai. Six times rice is eaten by all time and the ambalai lion that cleans the town is the whistle : ................................ I'm the gold of Agmark, who has taken off many beakers for friends I am Royapuram Royapuram I am Royapuram I am Royapuram I am Royapuram Royapuram Royapuram I am Royapuram I am Royapuram I am Royapuram Peteru Royapuram Royapuram Royapuram Royapuram Peteru Royapuram Royapuram Royapuram Royapuram Peteru Royapuram Nanthan Royapuram Peteru Royapuram Royapuram Royapuram Royapuram Royapuram Peteru Royapuram Royapuram Peteru Ah, erangu aaaaaa hey kuthu hey kuthu hey kuthu hey kuthu hey kuthu e kola kuthu death kuthu kola kuthu death kuthu Hey Royapuram Peteru Rausu Ivan Metturu Naan Royapuram Peteru Rausu En Metturu Hey vuthukkul vedthuthan areaal ketthu thaan ada pasanganalE gethuthane paa kuthu kuthu kuthu kuthu kuthu kummankuthu Royapuram Royapuram I Am Royapuram I Am Royapuram I Am Royapuram Peteru Royapuram Royapuram I Am Royapuram Peteru Royapuram Peteru Hahahahaha Sokku Maa Oke Bhai