Chandimuni Sadamuni Mandimuni Mahamuni Vandimuni Vaayithamuni Pandimuni Parvairamuni Suruttumuni Sudalaimuni Iruttumuni Ilayamuni Kattumuni Karuppumuni Mottamuni Mookumuni Uchimuni Undimuni Jadamuni Mayamuni Vedamuni Veeramuni Nathamuni Nallamuni Tell the muni pera Touch and see muniya van^kaan alone the mantra and tantra bow at the feet of the devotees I'll cut it, I'll kill it, I'll kill it, I'll pay interest for the sin I've committed. Come on, come on, touch our touch can't stand the blow, come on, come and stop me oh..... Protecting and attacking Munida, munida performing stunts in front of the eyes munida eavedina veral and thunderbol koral what is this what is this eight thesa meral Even if your father and your grandfather come, your breath won't escape. I have come to take revenge... Ah... We have come to live, we have come to live, we have put life on fire, we have burned the swarm of butterflies. The vampire moves, kallanari koothaaduthu injustice is playing, all the people are playing with the universe, the continent in it is the continent, the continent is in it, the continent is in it, the pindam is many anjamaale vanjam dheer hara hara hara hara hara Hey, if you look at the image of a mixture of wood and fire, it is enough to hit the rock melting and i will destroy it completely. Touch and see muniya van^kaan alone the mantra and tantra bow at the feet of the devotees I'll cut it, I'll kill it, I'll kill it, I'll pay interest for the sin I've committed. Come on, come on, touch our touch can't stand the blow, come on, come and stop me oh..... I won't let you kill you, Konniye, you've done it all without us. Kaandamani kinu kinukitu severe soorai para para parapakkuthu mountain even kidu kidaikkuthu madhayanai thadadadanguthu seed onnu kaumpi nikuthu issue fire catching sky and vedakuthu mada hara hara hara hara hara Hey, all the evils in the world are the lessons of untan saave, rolling and rolling up and borati porati koN^thaane vaadaa Tell the muni pera Touch and see muniya van^kaan alone the mantra and tantra bow at the feet of the devotees I'll cut it, I'll kill it, I'll kill it, I'll pay interest for the sin I've committed. Come on, come on, touch our touch can't stand the blow, come on, come and stop me oh..... Protecting and attacking Munida, munida performing stunts in front of the eyes munida eavedina veral and thunderbol koral what is this what is this eight thesa meral Even if your father and your grandfather come, your breath won't escape. : I have come to take revenge... Ah... Chandimuni Sadamuni Mandimuni Mahamuni Vandimuni Vaayithamuni Pandimuni Parvairamuni Suruttumuni Sudalaimuni Iruttumuni Ilayamuni Kattumuni Karuppumuni Mottamuni Mookumuni Uchimuni Undimuni Jadamuni Mayamuni Vedamuni Veeramuni Nathamuni Nallamuni