Velu..... Velu.....hey hey.... Velu..... Velu.....hey hey hey Vel vel..... Vel vel.... flag flying together with idi idukkuthada velum padi eRuthada velayya Attack attack, attack, attack, purpose, purpose, protect, look at, see, paramada murugaiah Murugan is the great-grandfather of a Tamilian and this great-grandfather is our leader. Hey, i walked in the forest and came into the house crowned in the country, i came to the house, i'm the one who came to the house, i'm the one who came to the house, i'm the one who's going to sing, i'm the one who's going to sing, i'm the one who's going to sing, i'm the one who's in the song. flag flying together with idi idukkuthada velum padi eRuthada velayya Attack attack, attack, attack, purpose, purpose, protect, look at, see, paramada murugaiah Arogara for Kandan, Arogara for Velan, Arogara for Murugan, Arogara for Kumaran The first game for Therukoothu Thamizhan puli vesam is the valor that makes us famous. Vedanada Vedan Ivan Thanigai Malai Naadan Veeranada Veeran Naam Kandan grandson Adi Thamizhan Aandavan Aan the rest of the Tamilian became slaves. Hey, i walked in the forest and came into the house crowned in the country, i came to the house, i'm the one who came to the house, i'm the one who came to the house, i'm the one who's going to sing, i'm the one who's going to sing, i'm the one who's going to sing, i'm the one who's in the song. flag flying together with idi idukkuthada velum padi eRuthada velayya Attack attack, attack, attack, purpose, purpose, protect, look at, see, paramada murugaiah ................... Elelel or Elelelo, Elel or Elelel, I am the one who gave me, I am the one who gave me, I am the one who gave me, I am the one who gave me, I am the one who gave me. Manusanthan Murugan's avatar veeraththa tattedatha sivadadaram vel while dancing, the tiger dances when the chariot runs around him Erumalai Eru Eru Enga Annanna Nee Baru Arumugam Yaar Namma Nanbandhane Tell Us Tamil Kula Vilakku In Other Language Archanai Edukku The sky and the earth, the wind and the storm, the wind and the storm, the wind Velum Mayil Para Para para paraparakakadum malaiyum veda vEdaka varan varan varan varan in the row murugaiyya vel vel Murugan is the great-grandfather of a Tamilian and this great-grandfather is our leader. Hey, i walked in the forest and came into the house crowned in the country, i came to the house, i'm the one who came to the house, i'm the one who came to the house, i'm the one who's going to sing, i'm the one who's going to sing, i'm the one who's going to sing, i'm the one who's in the song. {I'm going to sing you in the song, i'm going to sing you in the song} (2)