Sevavanam wearing a saree, my mind stopped in the street, killed me halfway through the road. Electricity was cut off by lightning, a fire broke out on the road, life burned in the eyes, and life burned in the chest. Someone doesn't tell you someone doesn't have someone no time to talk in person no talk no talk no if you come in the eye and don't have a hand Oho ho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho ooooo Sevavanam wearing a saree, my mind stopped in the street, killed me halfway through the road. Electricity was cut off by lightning, a fire broke out on the road, life burned in the eyes, and life burned in the chest. Someone had bought mangamma's sword in her hand or someone had come to the soil that she was kannagi's granddaughter. She was the one who ate the rice of Subramania Bharathi, or the woman who received the moon and the sun together. Kallula Malligai or Mullula Lotus, Hot Sundari, Oooooo Computer Learner, Karate Learner or Poet Singing Goddess Someone ask me and tell me. Oho ho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho ooooo Sevavanam wearing a saree, my mind stopped in the street, killed me halfway through the road. ........................... If I see her name, I will listen to her name and put my name behind the people and if you ask me, I will tune all her speeches and sing the song. I will touch the Tamil that Avvai said here and i will also put Aishwarya's love in the akku akkai bittu. I'll make you cry with the word, I'll make you get stuck in a joke, I'll touch it without saying anything, I'll pinch the jokes, I'll make you say I love you. I will keep my eyes with my eyes Oho ho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho ooooo Sevavanam went in sarees, on the street, in the street the mind stopped in the street, killed me halfway through the road. Electricity was cut off by lightning, on the road, in the eyes, in the eyes, in the heart, in the chest. Someone doesn't tell you someone doesn't have someone no time to talk in person no talk no talk no if you come in the eye and don't have a hand Oho ho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho oho ho ooooo