Poem. Vijay Is this the work of the evening you come on, come on, come on, you come, you are the one who dances with two eyes. Does the lips speak with the eyes? Will youth join hands? Does the heart long for the ghazal? Do you sleep for a long time? Dheeye Dheeye Raatiye Initheeye Thinda Touch Theerndiye Dheeye Dheeye Raathiye Irudhiye Dheera Dheera Serniye Adi Rangani Rangani Rangani Rangani Soak me in rum and no longer kamani kamini kamini will come close and dance Sem mango mango both cheeks heated life vangini vangani vangini vangini this night forest mangani search for prey Dheeye Dheeye Raatiye Initheeye Thinda Touch Theerndiye Dheeye Dheeye Raathiye Irudhiye Dheera Dheera Serniye Oh.. Oh... Oh... (3) If the beautiful word you are the end point shyness will slowly sink in if you describe yourself Electricity in a woman without nuclear decay is a twinkling journal of two lines of poems, the time when the upper lip wets the lower lip, the time when life descends from the top to the bottom, whatever it is before the infatuation between the touch and the stimulus sinks into the kissed honey Fire is fire.. Dheeye Dheeye Raatiye Initheeye Thinda Touch Theerndiye Dheeye Dheeye Raathiye Irudhiye Dheera Dheera Serniye haara hara har sara hara hara hara hamare hara This is how we like to do it.. (2) The parts made without freezing will beat the chest and the parts that have not been lessened will tell you the konji kulava Moving possessions there are so many stupendous tricks in you I have seen a rainbow with one foot on the roadside, I have seen a drizzle blowing in that moving paradise, I have seen a bird that smiles like snow, I have seen fire and honey coming together. Dheeye Dheeye Raatiye Initheeye Thinda Touch Theerndiye Dheeye Dheeye Raathiye Irudhiye Dheera Dheera Serniye Adi Rangani Rangani Rangani Rangani Soak me in ram and no longer kamani gamini kamini kamini will not get close to kamini and dance Sem mango mango both cheeks heated life vangini vangani vangini vangini this night forest mangani search for prey Dheeye Dheeye Raatiye Initheeye Thinda Touch Theerndiye Dheeye Dheeye Raathiye Irudhiye Dheera Dheera Serniye Oh... Oh... Oh... (2) The touch of touches o... Oh... Oh... (2) Dheera Dheera Serthiye