Come on, come on, you come, buddy. Who will say goodbye to the world who will work for a man, kabali will rebel and finish the story of The Lord. Who will say goodbye to the world who will work for a man, kabali will rebel and finish the story of The Lord. Thou hast come by thyself, and the eyes of the womb of the fire sleep, but the dreams do not sleep. Release thee as a shadow of the flower as a flute, do not think of yourself as a scapegoat. We who live as seeds have stories and tomorrow we wake up and fight for ourselves. Don't forget to fly the bird halfway to the sky Ye thought of a hundred planned kabali varan hand plate like pambaram and sang parai music and you sang the song Ye this day the enemy of the country of Waran is no longer in the alliance, and the fire is in the blood. ...................... Kabali Kabali is the name of this is the leader of action ...................... Kabali Kabali King of Time in the Concrete Jungle Watching Over My Pride Where are we going to come and stand for the Tamilian, we are the ones who came for the Tamilian. I'm Stocking My Prey Won't Let Him Get Away With The Things That To Bad Movies That The Make I'm going to live and show the one who came and went to live, i'm going to live and watch with my mouth shut. ............................ The root and the flower are nothing but a dark cloud, there is no water, the wave is subdued by the sea to the voice of power Always the fall of the water you can't swim past yourself a dewdrop that will extinguish the volcano The cries of the aristocracy are no longer the cakeless ethnic address within the country, and it will no longer open its eyes The cries of the aristocracy are no longer the cakeless ethnic address within the country, and it will no longer open its eyes We who live as seeds have stories and tomorrow we wake up and fight for ourselves. Don't forget to fly the bird halfway to the sky Ye thought of a hundred planned kabali varan hand plate like pambaram and sang parai music and you sang the song Ye this day the enemy of the country of Waran is no longer in the alliance, and the fire is in the blood. ......................