..................................... ..................................... The sky is great, the earth is great, and the friendship is greater than that, the earth revolves in our hands. The mountains are the flowers for us, the river for us, the sea for us, the friendship belongs to us. Let's throw the net over the sea and catch the fish ho ho let's throw the net on the shore and catch the deer hey hey Let's celebrate life as a festival every day, play on the moon and tell the story of youth. That sky is great, the earth is great, and above all, the friendship is great, the earth revolves in our hands. The mountains are the flowers for us, the river for us, the sea for us, the friendship belongs to us. There is no need for a police station, will we ask you to close it, will we keep the friendship centre open... We don't need party flags, let's bring it down or light a love flag and say hello. We will be a cat to a beautiful woman, we will be a brother to a beautiful woman. To have tuttu to spend, to tune, to sing, to make fun, to make fun, to to make fun, to to win in life, to make fun to make fun, to make flowers to make love The sky is great, the earth is great, and the friendship is greater than that, the earth revolves in our hands. The mountains are the flowers for us, the river for us, the sea for us, the friendship belongs to us. Shall we start an association for love and make all the leaders of the caste association join it? Will you become a swami who blesses all your mother-in-law, will you become a lady police prisoner if she gets caught? Play as you like, do not return to youth, do not believe to believe that friendship will not tolerate difficulties Go up to Tirupathi and pay the money to stand unitedly without leaving murugan with garlands for the sake of friendship. The sky is great, the earth is great, and the friendship is greater than that, the earth revolves in our hands. The mountains are the flowers for us, the river for us, the sea for us, the friendship belongs to us. Let's throw the net over the sea and catch the fish ho ho let's throw the net on the shore and catch the deer hey hey Let's celebrate life as a festival every day, play on the moon and tell the story of youth. That sky is great, the earth is great, and above all, the friendship is great, the earth revolves in our hands. The mountains are the flowers for us, the river for us, the sea for us, the friendship belongs to us.