White pambaram slowly suttuthe kalla paarvaithan kaattuthe eye-piercing maku bombalai makku bombalai manasa raabari chenn^thale chikku chikku chikkunnu coming and talking like a sculpture of kai kaale I'm bending over, I'm wriggling, I'm going to bite the chillies, I'm going to roll over, I'll stand up, I'm so tired, my uncle, don't be seduced, this is the excuse. Nangu Nangunu Nenju Kuthura Rangu Rattina Kannale Longu Longunnu I'm Also Suttru. Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenu Nenure Nenaare Nenu Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenare Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenure When you apply kumkum while combing your hair, your heart will stumble that you should not come. I've come up with people who have fallen in love with each other, i've heard the idea and listened to it. All night long uncle thinks of you and sleeps in the morning. Come to me, bethan, your father's sevale guarding me... Aaaaa Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenure Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey ............................................ Semya moustache i wanted to wear saree is your mummy ready to become a mother-in-law a....i put the dot in the kolam i put away the anger samiye varam thanthachu question is correct Pamili Mena me to change the life of bacchilar everything imsai achchadi Hey... Take the horoscope and see the date of the jaaliya escape vaaya aa... Aa... Aaaaaaa Nangu Nangunu Nenju Kuthura Rangu Rattina Kannale Longu Longunnu I'm Also Suttru. Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenu Nenure Nenaare Nenu Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenu Nenure Nenu Nenare White pambaram slowly suttuthe kalla paarvaithan kaattuthe eye-piercing maku bombalai makku bombalai manasa raabari chenn^thale chikku chikku chikkunnu coming and talking like a sculpture of kai kaale I'm bending over, I'm wriggling, I'm going to bite the chillies, I'm going to roll over, I'll stand up, I'm so tired, my uncle, don't be seduced, this is the excuse.