............................................. Neem tree tamarind tree banyan tree banyan tree peepal tree i am going to leave the village, i am going to leave the village. I go so far that I don't hear the sound of the conch shell, I go far away from seeing the sparrow that goes around the town. I'm going to put on a khaki shirt and go out of the town, i'm going to go out of the town with a khaki shirt. ......................................... Neem tree tamarind tree banyan tree banyan tree peepal tree i am going to leave the village, i am going to leave the village. Sillunu wake up in the morning, silamba kaathil suzhattuvenga clean silambu silk a little hurt, i will take the soil and apply it. Hey, many days of desire has come true, peddavaru's mind cooled down and we're going to go on the bullet cart at rocket speed. Aarusamy Pavani Salaiyil Pona Pannaiyaru's top piece is a pitying colour scarf, look at the colour scarf, putta enough, saamy's pavani will stand with folded hands Neem Tree Tamarind Tree Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Neem tree tamarind tree banyan tree banyan tree peepal tree i am going to leave the village, i am going to leave the village. Ae Rasa Raasa Raasa E Dene Dene Where Are You Going Rasa Raaja Ae Dene Dene Dene Dene He Ayile Ayile Ayile Ho Ho(3) The one who hits the counterfeit notes, the one who takes usury, the one who exploits it, the one who steals the chicken, the one who crushes the goat, the one who oppresses the sheep, the one who makes the time of six months. Vaippatti Vacha Adipenga Peddavala Tituna Mithibenga Koli Killi Danda Aadum Pasanga Kanda Will be celebrated in the meeting You're wrong, like the aakaru kuthura pombaram, you are wrong, you are the one who's stabbed in the head, you too feel the punch, buta sathyama i don't want anything else. Neem tree tamarind tree banyan tree banyan tree arasamaram is going to leave the village and go away from the village kettuko athangarai theppakulam bathing sengamalam is going to leave the village. I go so far that I don't hear the sound of the conch shell, I go far away from seeing the sparrow that goes around the town. I'm going to put on a khaki shirt, i'm going to go out of town, i'm going to go out of the town with a kagi shirt. Tum Tum Naana Tum Tum Naana Tum Naana Tum Naana Tum Naana Tum Tum Nana Tum Nana Tum Dum Naana Tum