Veththalaiya pothendi d d d d..... The intellect is a little different. . . . The intellect changes a little bit and the energy is a little ascending Hoi Hoi Hey, the explosion in the top and the splash will explode, the heart of the madman, the blood, the blood, the blood, the head, the head, the will, the Hey veththalaiya potendi buddhi a little bit changed the intellect a little bit, the intellect a little changed, the power a little bit. Vethalaiyya pothendi buddhi a little bit changed the intellect a little bit, the intellect a little changed, the energy a little bit. Hey two two sparrow sparrows come to a bunch, what's the umbrella catching kuttalame come hey aaradicha mattalame come on Hey onne one slipped and slipped and wrapped what's going on, what's the matter with an umbrella, come on, my heart is suppressed. Vethalaiyya pothendi buddhi a little bit changed the intellect a little bit, the intellect a little changed, the energy a little bit. Vethalaiyya pothendi buddhi a little bit changed the intellect a little bit, the intellect a little changed, the energy a little bit. Hey Takarna Takkarudaan Top Dakaru Takkaru Thakkar thakkaru Thakkar thaakaru Thakkaru Thakkaru Thakkaru Thakkaru Hey, three-quarters wet, i dare to get wet completely, i dare to get wet, i'm the one who's been there. If you run away, the thorathi will come, if you see the tiger, you will run away. I'm the one who caught the tiger to live, I'm the one who caught it, I'm the one who got caught, I've got stuck, I've been trapped, I've been trapped. I'm going to change the intellect a little bit, the intellect is a little different, the power is a little bit. . . . Hey, the explosion in the top of the top will explode, the heart of the madman, the blood, the blood, the blood, the blood, the head, the head, the will stumble.... Hey vethalaiya pothendi buddhi is a little different, the intellect is a little different, the intellect is a little changed, the power is a little bit ascending..... The foot is just a, it's just a hammer, the foot is just a hammer, it's just a hammer, it's just a hammer. Vikudadi Vikudadi for me now Vikudadi Suttuthadi Suttuthadi Bhoomi For me Suttudadi Vikudadi Vikudadi Vikkudadi I am now Vikudadi Suttuthadi Shuddhadi Bhoomi for me Suttuthadi